# functional programming

1. Functional programming is a programming paradigm — a style of building the structure and elements of computer programs — that treats computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids changing-state and mutable data

2. It returns the same result if given the same arguments (it is also referred as deterministic) It returns the same result if given the same arguments

3. Pure functions produce the same output for the same input consistently, regardless of external factors or the state of the program.

4. Unchanging over time or unable to be changed.

5. refers to the property of a function or expression where its output or value remains the same when the same inputs or arguments are provided

## node js

1. What is a module? reusable piece of code that encapsulates related functionality

2. What does the word ‘require’ do? feature that allows you to include external modules or files into your application. It is the primary mechanism for module loading in Node.js and is used to import functionality from other modules or files.

3. How do we bring another module into the file the we are working in? using the require function

4. What do we have to do to make a module available? Create a JavaScript file that contains the code for your module. This file should define the functions, classes, or variables that you want to export. export functionality from a module using the module.exports object or the exports shorthand. Assign the functions, classes, or variables you want to export to module.exports or exports.
