# testing and modules

1. In TDD, tests are written before the actual implementation code. This ensures that the focus remains on the desired behavior and functionality of the code. By writing tests first, developers can clearly define the expected outcomes and design their code accordingly. TDD encourages writing tests for small, isolated units of code, such as functions or methods. This approach allows for more granular testing and makes it easier to identify and fix issues. Testing small units also promotes modular and reusable code, as each unit is independent and can be tested in isolation. 

2. If you want to create a Python script that can be executed directly from the command line, you can place the main logic of your program inside the if __name__ == '__main__': block. This allows users to run the script as a standalone program, and the code within the block will be executed. It gives you the flexibility to include test code, command-line argument parsing, or any other functionality specific to running the script directly. Testing and debugging: By placing test code or debugging statements inside the if __name__ == '__main__': block, you can easily run and test specific sections of your script without affecting other parts of the codebase. This is particularly useful when you want to isolate and verify certain functionalities during development.

3. Define a base case: Identify the simplest case for which the solution is known or trivial. This is the stopping condition for the recursion. Define a recursive case: Define the problem in terms of smaller subproblems. Break the problem down into smaller versions of itself and call the function recursively to solve each subproblem. Ensure the recursion terminates: Make sure that the recursive function eventually reaches the base case and does not enter an infinite loop. Combine the solutions: Combine the solutions of the subproblems to solve the original problem.

4. create: def greet(name): print(f"Hello, {name}!") import my_module
