# permission and postgresql

1. Authentication: Authentication is the process of identifying and verifying the user's identity. DRF provides various authentication classes like Token Authentication, Session Authentication, Basic Authentication, etc., to ensure that only authenticated users can access the API. Without authentication, any anonymous user can potentially access sensitive data and perform unauthorized actions. Permissions: Permissions control what actions users are allowed to perform on the API endpoints. DRF offers several built-in permission classes such as IsAuthenticated, IsAdminUser, IsAuthenticatedOrReadOnly, etc. These permission classes allow you to specify who can create, read, update, or delete resources. By default, DRF denies access to unauthenticated users and allows read-only access to authenticated users. Authorization: Authorization is about determining whether a user has the necessary permissions to perform specific actions. DRF's permission classes handle authorization by checking the user's roles or permissions before granting access to certain API endpoints or actions. If a user doesn't have the required permissions, the API will return a 403 Forbidden response, indicating that the user is not authorized to perform the action.

2. In SQL, the SELECT statement is used to retrieve data from a database. It allows you to specify which columns you want to retrieve and which table you want to retrieve them from. You can also use the SELECT statement to apply filtering conditions, perform calculations, and join multiple tables. To retrieve all columns from a table called 'employees,' you can use the following SQL query:

        SELECT *
        FROM employees;

3. APIView: The base class for all DRF Generic Views. It provides the core functionality for handling HTTP methods and serialization but is not intended to be used directly. ListAPIView: This view is used for retrieving a list of objects. It corresponds to the HTTP GET method. RetrieveAPIView: This view is used for retrieving a single object by its primary key. It corresponds to the HTTP GET method with a specific object's identifier. CreateAPIView: This view is used for creating a new object. It corresponds to the HTTP POST method. UpdateAPIView: This view is used for updating an existing object. It corresponds to the HTTP PUT method with a specific object's identifier.
