# html lists, control flow with js, and the css box model

## html

1. HTML: HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language, and it is the standard markup language for creating web pages. It provides a structure and layout for content on the web and is used to define the structure and elements of a webpage such as headings, paragraphs, images, links, forms, and more.

2. Web Development: The MDN documentation provides comprehensive information about HTML, including its syntax, elements, attributes, and their usage. It covers topics like semantic HTML, forms, multimedia, accessibility, and best practices for writing efficient and maintainable HTML code. It also includes examples, tutorials, and guides to help web developers build modern and accessible web pages.

3. HTML5: MDN's documentation covers HTML5, which is the latest version of HTML. HTML5 introduces new elements, attributes, and APIs, and provides improved support for multimedia, forms, semantics, and accessibility. It also includes features like offline caching, local storage, and web workers, which enable developers to create more powerful and interactive web applications.

4. The ol and ul elements both represent a list of items. The difference is with the ol element, the order is meaningful. For example:

   1. Steps in a recipe
   2. Turn-by-turn directions
   3. The list of ingredients in decreasing proportion on nutrition information labels

5. by using a different start attribute

6. you can nest by using more li's in ol's and you can use an unordered list inside ordered list by also using more li's

## css

1. marign = is the space between element and its surrounding elements
2. padding is space between element content and its border.
3. HTML
   1. content is actual content of html element
   2. padding is space between the content and border of element
   3. border is line that surrounds padding and content element
   4. is space outside element surrounding padding, border, and content

## JS

1. what data type can be in array
   1. primitive
   2. objects
   3. null
   <!--const people = [['pete', 32, 'librarian', null], ['Smith', 40, 'accountant', 'fishing:hiking:rock_climbing'], ['bill', null, 'artist', null]]; -->
2. is people array valid array?
   1. yes it valid, you can access it using indexes of values in array
3. += adds value to right hand side
4. -= subtracts value on right hand side
5. `\*`= multiplies value on righ hand side
6. %= calculates remainder on left hand side
7. it results in a string concatination (final answer would be 10dog)
8. realworld example is to make sure that login info from user is correct
9. you can use loop to reprompt user if they got answer incorrect
