# read: class 1

1. HTTP: Hypertext Transfer Protocol is an application protocol that defines a language for clients and servers to speak to each other. This is like the language you use to order your goods.
2. When browsers send requests to servers for HTML files, those HTML files often contain link elements referencing external CSS stylesheets and script elements referencing external JavaScript scripts. It's important to know the order in which those files are parsed by the browser as the browser loads the page.
3. go to google images to find images
4. javascript string: let var = "example";
5. javascript number: let var = 10;
6. variables store whatever you put into it for later use.

## intro to HTML

1. html attributes give more information about HTML elements.
2. html tags have opening and closing tag, and has content in the middle.
3. the article element specifies content, section element defines section in document.
4. website include header, main, body, head, footer elements.
5. using meta data boosts SEO efforts because it written in search engine language.
6. defines metadata about an HTML document.

## design website

1. Planning your website design before starting to code can help ensure that your site meets your goals and is accessible to all users.

2. Understanding your target audience, their needs, and how they will use your site is essential for creating an effective design.

3. onsidering accessibility requirements, such as making your site easy to navigate, using readable text, and providing alternative text for images, can help ensure that all users can access your site.

4. Wireframing and prototyping your design before coding can help you refine your design and catch potential issues before they become problems.

5. Continually testing and evaluating your design throughout the development process can help you identify areas for improvement and ensure that your site is meeting your goals and the needs of your users.

## semantics

1. span is an inline element, h1 is a block element.
2. the semantic HTML tags help seach engines and devices to make importance and context of web pages.
3. the pages made with semantic elements are easier to read.

## what is javascript

1. JavaScript can be used to add interactivity to web pages, allowing users to interact with and manipulate page content without requiring a page reload.

2. JavaScript can modify HTML and CSS on the fly, allowing dynamic changes to page content and styles based on user interactions or other events.

3. JavaScript can also be used to handle form validation, allowing developers to ensure that user input is accurate and meets certain requirements before submitting data.

4. Additionally, JavaScript can be used to create animations and special effects, enhancing the visual appeal and user experience of a web page.

5. JavaScript can be used to communicate with web servers and APIs, allowing dynamic content to be loaded and updated on the fly without requiring a page reload.

6. using a script tag.
