# javascript

1. JavaScript is a high-level, dynamic, and interpreted programming language that is widely used for web development.

2. It is designed to be lightweight, and its syntax is based on the Java and C languages.

3. JavaScript is used to create dynamic web content and user interfaces, interact with web APIs, perform calculations and data manipulations, and much more.

4. JavaScript code is executed on the client-side, meaning that it runs in the user's web browser rather than on a server.

5. JavaScript is an object-oriented language, which means that it uses objects to represent data and functionality.

6. JavaScript is widely supported by modern web browsers, making it an essential tool for web developers.

7. The JavaScript language is constantly evolving, with new features and syntax being added over time.

8. The Mozilla Developer Network provides extensive documentation on JavaScript, including tutorials, guides, and reference materials.

## alert

This will show a pop-up in the browser with the text. (You can click on Try! that will open the specific script in a separate window.) The alert() function is actually rarely used, but it is an easy way to show the use of JavaScript.

examples/js/alert.html

alert("Hello World");

## console.log

Finally let's see how developers usually print out debugging information.

examples/js/console.html

console.log("Hello World");

## questions

1. variable is a container that holds value
2. declaring a variable means to createa new variable and assign a value to it
3. "assignment" operator is the "=" symbol.
4. user input or user data
